it got his welcome a bastion inside my
Rico's fashion let's get to some
Nintendo news first of all in an
interview with the producer behind the
Dark Souls games the interviewer asked
was there ever any chance that this is
really come out Dark Souls to come out
on the leave you and the producers
response was unsettling he basically
laughed and said no the kind of audience
that were looking to capture is not the
same audience that's going to be over on
the B years so what that seems like a
very bizarre sort of backwards sort of
comments that I thought that that sort
of weird console warfare was done with
generations ago but I guess not
strangely it's during this holiday
season that various news outlets are
sort of stopping their anti-eu attitude
anti Nintendo attitude and are seeing
some pretty Pro Nintendo things however
this particular one I don't necessarily
agree with I'm basically a reporter at E
said that they feel that Tyra Warriors
warrants a Wii U purchase that they have
been saying oh there's no point in
buying it but now the Huayra Warriors
has been announced that's a good enough
reason and it just seems kind of
backwards to me since my own personal
perspective Hyrule warriors is I
wouldn't buy over you for that King I'd
much rather be hired for Super Mario 3d
worlds or you know any of the other
really good games but our warriors no
and it's not just news outlets but also
Sony has said some pretty amusing things
about the Wii U and Nintendo in general
lately but just recently in the
interview there are presidents of Sony
said some very positive things about how
he has to we use and he really is
enjoying Super Mario 3d World and and so
on and so forth so and that he really
hopes that people buy the Wii U this
holiday season because that helps gamers
out in general the gaming community in
general but then the way he phrases it I
forget his exact wording and I could
look it up but the points that he was
making was he says he basically is
saying that Nintendo is important to the
gaming industry because that's where
gamers starts most often but he says it
in such a way that sort of implies that
but once you grow up
you we've been sending behinds and go
buy a Playstation pours and that's why
it's good for played that's why it's
good for Sony if people are brought up
playing Nintendo and then graduates to
Playstations
he didn't say those words exactly again
that's just the sort of vibe that I was
getting from what he said and that's
kind of annoying that so anyways that's
it for this episode of Nintendo news see
you guys tomorrow for some Silva news
bye guys